Now let's make the dropdown work,
I don't know if you already solved this but it's part of the header component,
so here is the place where we can simply put some code to make it work.
You could outsource the dropdown in it's own component but I'll leave it in this component and therefore,
I will add some data. In my data property here,
I want to store the isDropdownOpen property, of course you might choose another name
and initially it's false because it shouldn't be open initially.
Now how is a bootstrapped dropdown opened,
that's important to understand, to know how to proceed here with the code. Well we get this list item
class, dropdown
and if we add the open class here, you see it's now open,
so the goal is to dynamically add this. We can add it dynamically by binding to class here and then in the
object, I want to bind the open class to my isDropdownOpen data field which is true or false, so it's false
initially therefore it's not open,
the open class is not attached.
So the goal now is to listen to a click and change this,
so whenever we click on it, I want to change this or toggle this isDropdownOpen state here.
All I need to do is on this list item where I need to add this class,
I'll also add a click listener and I will simply set isDropdownOpen to what it currently
is not,
so the opposite, isDropdownOpen, this toggles it.
And with this in place, you
now see I got a working dropdown where I can toggle between opening and closing it by conditionally
appending or not appending
this is open class here, excuse me, this class here
and this is how this works.
Now the next step is to make the save and load data buttons work and to actually send http requests.
Again, a challenge for you,
I will use vue resource as we learned it in the http module,
you of course may choose a different approach.
See you in the next video when we go through my solution together.